                                                                        Online Grocery App 

Case Study: 
Due to covid-19, it's not safe to go outside so for that we 
are creating an app where you can order all the grocery 
from the local market. 
Administrator: 
As an administrator, I want users to sign up and login to 
the app so that they are authenticated users. 
As an administrator, I want to restrict grocery requests to 
only one active grocery request per user so that users’ one 
request is fulfilled before they can make another request. 

User (Someone placing order for grocery): 
As a user, I want to request for grocery of my choice by 
filling up a form so that I can display the items that I want. 
As a user, I want to receive a notification if someone has 
shown interest to send me the grocery so that I know that 
my request has been responded to. 
As a user, I want to confirm that I have received a grocery 
so that the owner knows that items have reached the user. 

Owner:
As an owner, I want to look at all the active order by 
different people so that I can read details about the person 
who requested item. 
As an owner, I want to send an update to a user that the 
item is available with us. (interest) 
As an owner I want to be notified if the user has shown to 
buy the things, then send item to the user. 
As an owner, I want to be notified if the user has received 
the item. 

User workflow (Purchasing) 
1. The user logs into their account. 
2. The user sees two tabs - Buy and Sell. 
3. The user clicks on buy a book. 
4. If this user has no pending requests - he/she is taken to a 
page where he/she can request for a item by filling up a 
form including information like name, age, book which 
they want to read, reason they want to read etc. 
5. If this is the first time the user is requesting the book, 
the user has to enter other details like name, age, grade, 
school etc. before the request of the user is submitted. 
6. If this is not the first time, the user can immediately 
submit the request after confirming that the address is the 
same. 7. If the user has a pending request, he/she sees the 
message that his/her earlier request is pending and he/she 
cannot request another book until someone commits on 
his/her request or cancels his earlier request. 
8. Upon submitting the request, the user can see his/her 
request live on the request page. 

User workflow (Selling) 
1. The seller logs into their account. 
2. The seller sees two tabs - Purchase and Sell. 
3. The seller clicks on Sell to see all the purchasing items. 5. The seller can look at the details of the request and 
respond to any item by sending the item to the user
